what's going on gamers lost in place
here and let me start off this video by
saying happy New Year to y'all
that's right it is 2015 really excited
for this coming year and it got me
thinking about the past or at least
thinking back to me starting YouTube and
man I couldn't believe it when I look
back I uploaded my very first video 5
years ago this week 5 years on YouTube
man that's crazy and I thought it would
be really cool to upload for you guys a
lot of my new subscribers the very first
video I uploaded five years ago and man
it's horrible it is frickin horrible but
that's what makes it funny and it should
be you know it should show you guys that
as bad as I used to be look where I'm at
now you know like it was a lot of time
dedication hard work and a willingness
to learn you can improve what you're
doing and go from where I was to what I
am today so yeah one more thing before
we get into that video I just wanted to
let you guys know one of my personal New
Year's resolutions was to livestream
frequently again I took a break from it
I was kind of just I just needed a break
you know I'd livestream for so many
years needed a break took a couple
months off but I am ready to get back
into a full force and that is gonna be
happening very very soon I'm getting
everything all set up for that so make
sure you follow my live stream it is
linked in the description below and yeah
hope to see you guys out at a live
stream and I will continue to be
uploading content to my youtube channel
on a regular basis so sorry for the long
intro let's jump right into this my
first video ever and this was uploaded
January 8th 2010 enjoy hello and welcome
today's video we're gonna be discussing
basic domination tactics I find the
initial rush the most important part of
this game if you can secure the central
flag you're in a very good position to
set up and pretty much hold all the
avenues of approach I'd like to start
with the riot shield my secondary weapon
is the ranger smoke grenades Marathon
Pro lightweight pro and commando Pro now
with that you can run unlimited and
you're pretty quick so you can usually
get to the flag first
and even if you die while capturing it
your objective is successful I usually
will stick with this class until I
captured the center flag even if I die a
couple times I'll continue to run in
with the riot shield hopefully my
teammates didn't cover my behind and
like I said once you capture that
central flag you're in a good position
so here's one more clip and in this one
it just shows another example of an
initial rush with the ride shield now
the ride shield isn't perfect for every
map but I can find a way to make it work
one of my favorite classes so again here
rushing the center flag absorbing fire
so your opponent so your teammates can
take down the opponents now once I
secure the central flag if I happen to
survive I'll set up for the position
around that flag and pretty much just
try to hold it I also like to switch
classes once I'm comfortable that we're
in a good position don't do it in this
clip here but most part once you're
comfortable that you have a spawn flag
and then the central flag you can switch
classes and use whatever is comfortable
for you
so this next example is another game
that I'm gonna show a little more of the
match so this is a little bit into it we
failed the first couple of rushes for
the center flag I just kept trying and
eventually you get it
no this isn't very kill death ratio
friendly but like I said you know I
played a win and that's the point of the
game so this is a domination tactic
there you see that I've switched classes
I'm ready to hold down flags I'm just
waiting to die here switch classes
so you've got to remember that for most
Maps there's only certain avenues of
approach on this map in particular
there's only three ways they can come in
yet so there's the two there I'm sorry
there's the three bridges so if you're
playing with a team that's great because
then you can easily break up and decide
who's going we're playing with randoms a
little tougher but I usually try to
cover the least popular Avenue of
approach because I know they'll be
covering the other way so there's no
need to rush in and take see that will
screw up the spawns if you keep two
flags and let them have the third it
will have them spawning back by their
flag and this is very beneficial because
you'll know where they're coming from
so obviously I'm coming the left avenue
of approach here I've got one teammate
with me
and I have the other four guys are split
up and covering the other ways to get to
the flags and that's pretty much it once
you have the two flags you know you just
want to set up a perimeter around them
the only time you want to push in for
their flag is if you're sure you're
gonna lose one of yours I also use the
sensory turret gun because it's a great
great support to have on domination try
to set it up covering one of your flags
and you can basically leave that Flybe
and focus on a different direction
so obviously we win this game so no
sense going anymore into it but that
covers today's basic tactics for
dominating